InferTrade Jupyter Notebook example (#148)
ta-oliver/infertrade: conda_installation_walkthrough_for_infertrade/installation_guide/installation_guide.md

[Anaconda Installation](https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual "Install anaconda")

AFTER INSTALLING ANACONDA

*Below is the link to conda guide for dealing with conda virtual environment.*

[conda-cheatSheet](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/4.6.0/_downloads/52a95608c49671267e40c689e0bc00ca/conda-cheatsheet.pdf "conda-cheatsheet")

**Let’s create a virtual environment having python 3.7x using conda with virtual environment name – infertradenv. You are always free to give the name of your choice.**

* Step1: Open Anaconda prompt and make your way to desire drive (probably C drive).
*  Step2: make a sub folder “infertrade” in user’s folder then cd infertrade.
* Step3: conda create --name infertradenv python = 3.7
* Step4: conda env list
* Step5: conda activate infertradenv
* Step6: python --version

   *  make sure you have python 3.7x.
* Step7: curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py

* Step8: py get-pip.py

* Step9: pip install infertrade

* Step10: pip install seaborn

* Step11: pip install jupyter notebook

* Step12: Open jupyter notebook in activated virtual environment by running the command in anaconda prompt  (jupyter notebook)

> **Congratulation’s! You are all set to work with virtual environment having infertrade.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Congratulations! You are all set to work with virtual environment with the infertrade package.**
```

Reviewer: @pawkw - would you be able to assist with editing this for language and/or clarity?
